Create 13653_Added_CompassQuadrant_and_CompassOctant_as_per_13647.md (#1333)
bevyengine/bevy-website: release-content/0.14/release-notes/13653_Added_CompassQuadrant_and_CompassOctant_as_per_13647.md

> Their are many instances in game development where its important to know the compass facing for a given direction. This is particularly true in 2D games that use four or eight direction sprites. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many instances in game development where its important to know the compass facing for a given direction. This is particularly true in 2D games that use four or eight direction sprites, or want to map analog input into discrete movement directions. 
```

> In order to make this easier the enums CompassQuadrant (for four way) and CompassOctant (for eight way) have been added with implementations of From<Dir2> for ease of use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make this easier the enums `CompassQuadrant` (for a four-way division) and `CompassOctant` (for an eight-way division) have been added with implementations to and `From<Dir2>` for ease of use. 
```
